# IO.Swagger.Model.Alert
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AlertCategory** | **string** | Specifies the category for the Alert such as &#39;kDisk&#39;, &#39;kNode&#39;, &#39;kCluster\&quot;, etc. | [optional] 
**AlertCode** | **string** | Specifies a unique code that categorizes the Alert, for example: CE00200014, where CE stands for Cohesity Error, the next 3 digits is the id of the Alert Category (e.g. 002 for &#39;kNode&#39;) and the last 5 digits is the id of the Alert Type (e.g. 00014 for &#39;kNodeHighCpuUsage&#39;). | [optional] 
**AlertDocument** | [**AlertDocument**](AlertDocument.md) | Specifies documentation about the Alert such as name, description, cause and how to resolve the Alert. | [optional] 
**AlertState** | **string** | Specifies the current state of the Alert: &#39;kOpen&#39; or &#39;kResolved&#39;. | [optional] 
**AlertType** | **int?** | Specifies a 5 digit unique digital id for the Alert Type, such as 00014 for &#39;kNodeHighCpuUsage&#39;. This id is used in alertCode. | [optional] 
**DedupCount** | **int?** | Provides the total count of duplicated Alerts even if there are more than 25 occurrences. | [optional] 
**DedupTimestamps** | **List&lt;long?&gt;** | Unix epoch Timestamps (in microseconds) for the last 25 occurrences of duplicated Alerts that are stored with the original/primary Alert. Alerts are grouped into one Alert if the Alerts are the same type, are reporting on the same Object and occur within one hour. &#39;dedupCount&#39; always reports the total count of duplicated Alerts even if there are more than 25 occurrences. For example, if there are 100 occurrences of this Alert, dedupTimestamps stores the timestamps of the last 25 occurrences and dedupCount equals 100. | [optional] 
**FirstTimestampUsecs** | **long?** | Creation Unix epoch Timestamp (in microseconds) of the first occurrence of the Alert. | [optional] 
**Id** | **string** | Unique id of this Alert. | [optional] 
**LatestTimestampUsecs** | **long?** | Creation Unix epoch Timestamp (in microseconds) of the most recent occurrence of the Alert. | [optional] 
**PropertyList** | [**List&lt;AlertProperty&gt;**](AlertProperty.md) | Array of key-value pairs associated with the Alert. The Cohesity Cluster may autogenerate properties depending on the Alert type. This list includes both autogenerated and specified properties. | [optional] 
**ResolutionDetails** | [**AlertResolutionDetails**](AlertResolutionDetails.md) | Specifies information about the Alert Resolution such as a summary, id assigned by the Cohesity Cluster, user who resolved the Alerts, etc. | [optional] 
**Severity** | **string** | Specifies the severity level of an Alert. &#39;kCritical&#39; means immediate action is required because the system detects a serious problem. &#39;kWarning&#39; means action is required but the affected functionality is still working. &#39;kInfo&#39; means no action is required and the Alert provides an informational message. | [optional] 
**SuppressionId** | **long?** | Unique id generated when the Alert is suppressed by the admin. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

